Clarify Pantheon provider documentation for D6/7 (#2956)
drud/ddev: docs/users/providers/pantheon.md

4. Check out project codebase from Pantheon. Enable the "Git Connection Mode" and use `git clone` to check out the code locally.

> 5. If using Drupal 8+, verify that drush is installed in your project, `ddev composer require drush/drush`. If using Drupal 6 or 7, Drush is already part of DDEV, and you can skip this step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If using Drupal 8+, verify that drush is installed in your project, `ddev composer require drush/drush`. If using Drupal 6 or 7, drush8 is already provided in the web container's /usr/local/bin/drush, so you can skip this step.
```
